[docs/release] Specify platform tier for bugfix releases (#8525)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: docs/release.md

    - Reverting a feature gate.
    - Changing the configuration to an easy to find value.
2. The bug happens in common setups. To gauge this, maintainers can consider the following:

>     - The bug is not specific to a platform on [Tier 2 or below](../docs/platform-support.md#tiered-platform-support-model).

Reviewer: The intent here is to say that we will only do a bug fix for tier 1 platforms, right? Should we just say that instead of the double negative?

Author: The intent is to say that "if the bug is platform-specific, then we will only fix it for Tier 1 platforms". I guess I can word it just like that instead of the double negative

>     - If the bug is specific to a certain platform, then the platform is [Tier 1](../docs/platform-support.md#tiered-platform-support-model).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If the bug is specific to a certain platform, and if that platform is in [Tier 1](../docs/platform-support.md#tiered-platform-support-model).
```
